Add page on querying CCR (#972)
chocolatey/docs: input/en-us/community-repository/api.md

For example, to search for all packages containing the word `kitty`:

```powershell
PS> choco search kitty
Chocolatey v2.2.2
kitty 0.76.1.13 [Approved]
kitty.portable 0.67.0 [Approved]
superputty 1.5.0 [Approved]
superputty.install 1.5.0 [Approved]
superputty.portable 1.5.0 [Approved]
5 packages found.
```

For the same query, but with machine-readable output:

```powershell
PS> choco search kitty --limit-output
kitty|0.76.1.13
kitty.portable|0.67.0
superputty|1.5.0
superputty.install|1.5.0
superputty.portable|1.5.0
```

You can easily parse the output to get a PowerShell object:

```powershell
PS> choco search kitty --limit-output | ConvertFrom-CSV -Delimiter '|' -Header 'Name','Version'

Name                Version
----                -------
kitty               0.76.1.13
kitty.portable      0.67.0
superputty          1.5.0
superputty.install  1.5.0
superputty.portable 1.5.0
```

## Querying

While we only support querying the Chocolatey Community Repository with [these tools](#supported-api-query-tools), there will be people who create their own queries.
We don't recommend this, but want to ensure if you are doing it, you do it safely.

### Item Limit

> The total number of items returned from any query is limited to 10,000. This also affects paging. Attempting to retrieve item 10,001 will return an error of HTTP Status Code `406 - Not Acceptable`.

Reviewer: Do we want to mention the link element in the XML that can be used to go past 10 000 items?

This looks something similar to
```
<link rel="next" href="http://community.chocolatey.org/api/v2/Packages?$orderby=Published&amp;$skiptoken='1699649307267','dotnetpretty','1.0.0-CI00003'" />
```

Author: No. That's something we can talk about in Discord once we understand what the requirements are.

Note that this affects both manual queries and queries made through Chocolatey CLI, Chocolatey GUI, and `chocolatey.lib`.

This will be unlikely to affect the vast majority of users and will be limited to customers or community members who are retrieving a list of all packages, or paging through all packages, rather than searching for specific ones. If you have a legitimate need to regularly retrieve a full list of packages, please reach out to us on [Community Chat](https://ch0.co/community).

### Using the `orderBy` Parameter

> You can use `orderBy` parameters can be used to sort the results before they are returned:

Reviewer: The parameter is case sensitive, and is missing the required dollar sign.

```suggestion
You can use `$orderby` parameters can be used to sort the results before they are returned:
```

Author: The $ is used to denote that part of the query. The parameter itself is called `orderby`?

Reviewer: Depends on what you consider a parameter to be.

If you consider it to be a odata parameter, then yes. `orderby` would be the parameter, if you consider it to be a query parameter then it would be `$orderby`

* `DownloadCount`
* `Published`
* `Id`
* `Title`
* `Version`

> If an unsupported `orderBy` parameter is used, an HTTP Status Code `406 - Not Acceptable` response will be returned.

Reviewer: Not sure if it should be included or not, but I'll at least mention it.

An optional suffix to these order by values can be added to decide/change the direction things are ordered.

There are two suffixes that can be used, either `asc` or `desc`. If none is specified `asc` will be the default.

This means you can do `$orderby=Version desc` to get ordering by version in a descending order.

----                -------
kitty               0.76.1.13
kitty.portable      0.67.0
superputty          1.5.0
superputty.install  1.5.0
superputty.portable 1.5.0
```

## Querying

While we only support querying the Chocolatey Community Repository with [these tools](#supported-api-query-tools), there will be people who create their own queries.
We don't recommend this, but want to ensure if you are doing it, you do it safely.

### Item Limit

The total number of items returned from any query is limited to 10,000. This also affects paging. Attempting to retrieve item 10,001 will return an error of HTTP Status Code `406 - Not Acceptable`.

Note that this affects both manual queries and queries made through Chocolatey CLI, Chocolatey GUI, and `chocolatey.lib`.

This will be unlikely to affect the vast majority of users and will be limited to customers or community members who are retrieving a list of all packages, or paging through all packages, rather than searching for specific ones. If you have a legitimate need to regularly retrieve a full list of packages, please reach out to us on [Community Chat](https://ch0.co/community).

### Using the `orderby` Parameter

> You can use `orderby` parameters can be used to sort the results before they are returned:

Reviewer 2: This sentence doesn't read right.  Should it be...
```suggestion
The folllowing `orderby` parameters can be used to sort the results before they are returned:
```

Author: Fixed.
